we can count to ten watch oh three four
five six get annoyed ends with friends
welcome to straight to our gaming
classic yep
true save data you're gonna have to
create a game data crazy successful C's
for Chris yep B's for both warned or
that false information look who the [__]
is that it's invited her attractive man
she married while packing for their long
journey
Shrek realized he still needed some
essentials for the trip for the Trib
okay whoa looks like nobody wants to see
me hungry [__] stupid
what the [__] it's like they are they
all follow you that is boiling sonic
heroes can you switch between them let's
try yes you can hook up a second
controller maybe but it's just not
ordered that I [__] hate that
animation for donkey look at this check
it out
that his feet are like little platform
shoes when he kicks can I hit my [__]
you can beat up all your friends yeah
I'm pretty sure this supports up to four
real players so this is a good game
here's what you're saying yeah sure it's
brilliant let's go explore it's wrong
Tory you are literally jealous because
you can't collect eyeballs of your swamp
[Laughter]
this is awesome I love collecting stuff
in this game
my niece nails in the movie at all these
snails your video no you see the silver
it's the famous snail army from that one
fairytale for snail armies the snail
retail okay that's this is awesome
there's so much [__] you can do you can
make Shrek [__] no let me Shrek [__]
for younger no do these between these
couple characters do theirs yeah well
you Shrek like the powerful one here
like a gingerbread guys the quick wonder
does it even [__] bad all the
different moves like look he's got a
body slam it's pretty cool you get nine
out and in contrast to gingy's throw
your stupid candy cane in contrast to
that a projectile the gingerbread man
she can do like a crash spin which is
kind of cool these coins I wonder how
far we can get in this game before I
start pulling my hair out though he
could beat it or what's left of it at
least I'm just talking about my s1 hairs
don't worry okay Zack Shrek trivia go
did you know did you
that when they were recording the lights
for Shrike the towers unfortunately
where you know what falling like every
every animator dropped their pencils
it's the Amazing Grace of unicity
that's you Chris is he supposed to be
one of the Seven Dwarves I guess so
[__] like pink who's that guy his
lighting was not right
he was like beet red red bar bleach
tricks front face what is it a red
Barb's penis between donkeys legs
oh where look at the icons when you
switch Rick's probably mr. health should
that be green I don't know man red is
usually the color of health right I
guess so your Bloods made up or it could
be great that we can push it the red
piece is what's not let's take it out
oh I can progress this is good adventure
okay toe work I'm strike your donkey
don't get what is it what is it Rick
I'll be it Chris you'll be shrink okay
kelsey Grammer's character ergo okay
what's up guys guys what's up anyone
wanna play cards tonight yeah I could
play some good Texas Hold'em I actually
was like 60 bucks last week [__] let's
say what boycott is not else you know my
little boy quad is uh
what the hell is that Tuesday he's also
doing man it's Alzheimer's or the new
plebs what the [__] is an active day
that's not [__] Frasier
no that's Kelsey Grammer [__] what is
that old [__] bandit oh he's he's the
guy that played Trinity and Dexter and
like Trinity and [__] I was thinking
the other day what is no no that's that
collet that's come on is that Colin
Mochrie Barkley [__] you snail look [__]
we he's played by but Jonathan he's in
Planet of the Apes he can't play piano
[__] yeah his dad gives what are these
[__] clowns they're the merry men
[__] I beseech Shrek one of the or two
in a long time as long as his [__]
accordion player dies oh boy is the coin
[Music]
wait donkey got captured happen they're
gonna do this right don't get Oh for
[__] sake G capture to just destroy
the rocks a little freedom towards
panicking I'm the ginger okay let's have
that be it every video for the next four
I'm gonna save this little guy hey bro
he's one of the dwarves what the [__]
what is this the tech look it's a fair
easy okay hello
what who's this
punch his lights off what's the Motley
Crue [__] reference what was that
about
understand quite also this is what like
little kids used to play like this is
the exact kind of game it's always just
like go do this thing yeah I'm sorry I
feel like I played a million games like
this when I was young like a million
games that were just like this exact
same day it's just busywork for kids
yeah press white is slowed down time
with Fiona what this whole time you've
had a matrix power what the what's oh
that's interesting
how do you catch him though I didn't
know if you could slaughter they just by
touching them you can't touch him unless
you slow down time so I can just slow
down time any time perpetually can you
not oh I get it it's the joke from the
first movie when she does the matrix
I'm sorry watch it you still with the
[__] you were talking about I get
realize it was literally cuz that's like
this is death isn't happening the matrix
like the only time in the film where she
like yeah but she's not running you keep
like that's all sorts through a gag cuz
the matrix keep saying keeping me that
connects you told on let me say that
said- is saying props to you for even
that's not even it though is even it my
neurons
I know it's father's focused on the game
I'm sorry
this is [__] racist of [__] towards
me and my people can i yeah yeah you've
done before
oh you gotta you gonna jump to do it
this really is like a better version of
Sonic Heroes what I've never played
Sonic Heroes I don't follow
I think yours Carol well that shark does
not look like it belongs I'm Shrek it
off also there's a shark at the
beginning of Shrek 2 that they throw
back into Laura in the know see remember
so what amazed that model here's a
mechanically he was this one time and
never again cookie to throw the cookie
before you throw the cookie at the
cookie what there's no point to even
doing this you just kill him anyway no
Shrek
you gotta yeah there there's the one you
gotta break come on kids you big beat
this game beat it yeah that's what kids
do they're still gonna say if you own a
game like this you're just gonna play it
loose a boat being like the Animaniacs
game I remember beating the home alone
gameboy games oh they're all so bad but
you you see you'll try and try again
because you have nothing better to do
Tommy Jerry gave that we played a while
back that I placed our game as well I
think it's the only play that I had one
of them the worst thing about being a
kid is you're like I really enjoy this
brand so you buy the game of the bribe
you're always the worst
so you always see also that spoiled see
like whatever I'll just play it yeah you
evil take it back life really sucks when
you think about it yeah you kind of have
it like worst lives of a buddy like in
third world countries everything ready
is this super rag doll check this out
it's a little trick [__] yes
[__] yes look at this cute credit it's
actually got better like it is not
completely throwing together a little
bit a little bit how much you want to
bet this is an engine that was made for
like someone's original idea that you're
right and then they were just like
exactly what happened they just put
Shrek and Donkey because the gingerbread
man is way too large and they could have
picked another character like Pinocchio
who's actually that size yeah there was
an ability they'd already designed and
like he was the easiest thing to
shoehorn into it
good old gingy
thought you snail what did you see that
hey I'm a princess I freaking love
Cameron Diaz you know what am i doing
did you know that's actually Cameron
Diaz his voice in this game Eddie Murphy
gets a sound don't like to deleverage
stuff in the guy sounds exactly like him
and the guy like he did say bois de
boulogne I think that's thing Eddie
Murphy has a famous enough voice to have
a sound-alike like I don't think there's
like I'm Mike Meyers guy I don't I think
there is ego - Shrek impersonators Oh is
there yeah there was a good yeah I did
that by accident like I would not have
figured that that was the way progress
there like see this is gonna be what
kids don't do if you were a kid you'd
spent like two days on this does that
make any sense like that that shot me
over there like III assumed there would
be an invisible wall at the top of this
thing here anyway
dude when I first played ah Korea past
the first area in ocarina of time
yeah when I was like I'm talking like a
little Kevin's like eight years old
though okay like I literally I I didn't
know how to get the little shield what
I'm saying what the okay
Oh what the [__] is going on now collect
chickens you're just gonna be collecting
[__] for the rest of your life I can't
kill the chicken
do you collect if I kill you I mean how
else you collected this is how we
collect chickens in real life those
chickens can't really dude I don't know
if this is what I'm supposed to do
is it a dog the ability maybe because
you'll be using key for your [__] right
come on donkey kick it we do like and do
a thing baby am I supposed to be putting
him in a pen somewhere yeah I bet look
dead Zoe get out of here you little
bastards
I think you got a kick hit me like a
like you holding together oh come here
you
what what what did she call you baroque
boys she call me girl boy did you they
kill it it's dead but she just dissolved
in the water
let me think of ducky we think of the
Baroque period of music after all I
don't know that means you're done yeah I
don't the [__] you're even going on
about right now
sounds like she said baroque boy does
that mean it's just like a period in
history is right I couldn't even tell
you what I remember have it being in a
music class that is a classical and
Baroque I see those the only two I
remember it like neoclassical I do not
miss games like this at all I think is
probably got better those those are the
lines for Fiona I know princess no my
father like that's her character she's a
princess
what we're doing right now good [__]
chicken stuff I think you just finished
with the chickens this musics [__]
stupid okay so we can leave now I love
some body weight this is where I started
off [__] music Tom are your grandma
what's that little sign that's your
grandma crocodile used to see I can't
believe they made that song into a film
that used to cut you know work all the
time
okay sorry scary godmothers but I need
to feed these snails first early
two-thousands [__] every Halloween on
Cartoon Network it is the ugliest
nastiest movie ever made
we're talking about okay let's don't
worry we're just talking about investing
a Bitcoin in theory we will not say
anything this time I'm not gonna [__]
die you ready the guy says use your slow
down movies like what's the [__]
point then you say like lady the players
figure though yeah I mean it's for tiny
children it's probably based on their
focus testing where they insert that
stuff honestly play a lot of kids we're
getting stuck I told you throw the TT on
the [__]
[Music]
[__] sweet tattooed across my for how
much more of this should we play this is
my destiny very we should at least see
what lovely to slay levels gone 40
minutes the entire game is just in the
same level so you saying just have
donkey smash it okay powerful animal
kick off with the little horseshoe on
fine okay oh we got this crate okay it's
got a little bit sure on it okay it's
not working let's try it with you
[Music]
you could get a little higher for some
reason I think it's just because he's
got a smaller hitbox my wonder is that
intentional can only strike carry this I
assume again I think that's why these
pictures on it okay I'll look over there
this musics [__] triumph it do you
know that part I did was that you I
thought that was you know oh hey so I
was in game don't you want to rescue
those guys
yeah but I'm afraid that if I die I'll
have to redo all that oh yeah this game
like yeah they're like spike thing even
though everyone has a ton of health
you see it's [__] Kane is great
[__] let that the worms just rot over
the swamp I think this guy's much to be
desired
I think he's really just somebody
working on this game what the [__] I
gotta say as a rhythm game
[Music]
[Laughter]
these these little keys seem randomized
are they related to anything they're
like a second daughter explore food
oh my god